1   TODO:   separate it into a generator and a printer
    UPDATE: separated and retriever definitely works


2   TODO:   further narrow it down by whether it is obtainable in that generation
    UPDATE: just changed it so it only retrieves Sandslash, because the filtering by
            not "Trade" limits it to no versions have "Trade" and it's super broken.
    TODO:   fix the location obtainer because it's ultra broken
    UPDATE: <h4><span class="mw-headline" id="In_side_games">In side games</span></h4>
            seems like it could work for Sandslash, but not for Pokes with no side games,
            so would need to find an alternate
            This is instead of ending looking for tds at a </table>
    TODO:   but also we're definitely not getting all the things anyway; we get Trade
            and then 10, 35, 40, etc. which look like power or pp or something for movesets.
    UPDATE: we get to the correct gen for game locations, but it all craps out soon afterward
            because we get into state check_td and then we find and end table tag way too
            soon.
    TODO:   use another state for this, and look for an h4 maybe for side games?
            Actually, first check other Pokemon that aren't available in side games
    UPDATE: still good; base stats is h4 as well anyway.
    UPDATE: oh, check_td was ONLY used to find locations. I ended up renaming it and
            looking for h4 instead.
    TODO:   see how this goes
    UPDATE: WAY better - ended up with ['Trade', 'Evolve', 'Sandshrew', 'Trade', 'Evolve', 'Sandshrew']
    UPDATE: and it came up correct!
    TODO:   run the whole thing again and see what we end up with being available
    UPDATE: got to Charizard, but Charizard acted weird and came up with a BUNCH of junk
            in its locations.
    TODO:   test using Charizard for a minute
    UPDATE: looks like it did the locations twice?
    TODO:   Let's GO Pikachu and Let's go Eevee count as generation 7, and it's available
            on like every route apparently. Need to take these out.
    UPDATE: done! It's cut out now.
    TODO:   go back to running everything and watch the log to see if anything is obviously weird
    UPDATE: looks pretty good, until I saw Growlithe counted
            things that only show up with Pokemon Bank are definitely NOT in the list, and
            some notable Pokemon I know are in this game are all coming up good.
    TODO:   Growlithe came up as a last stager
    UPDATE: Mankey, Psyduck too. They have "evolves" as a link and "into" as text, so perhaps
            that is another difference
    UPDATE: added the link version; it wasn't looked for. So far so good; keep watching for others.
    UPDATE: great; it's definitely working. Let's let this thing run to completion.
    TODO:   it exploded right after Zapdos? And didn't count Articuno as a last stager,
            (but did count Snorlax)
    UPDATE: "It is not known to evolve into or from any other Pokémon."
            is on Articuno's page, but that's not "evolves into"
    UPDATE: oh DUH; I skip legendars on purposes hahaha
    TODO:   okay, back to the error
            urllib2.HTTPError: HTTP Error 503: Backend fetch failed
            which honestly just sounds like a dumb issue
    UPDATE: added in error handling and timeout loop, but it didn't happen again as far as I can tell
            and it's plugging along into gen 3 already
    TODO:   again, keep watch and see what happens


2.1 TODO:   check on Electivire specifically. Magmortar showed up but not him, which
            is kinda weird.
    UPDATE: yeah, Electabuzz is obtainable and Electivire says evolve Electabuzz,
            so let's check on this one.
    UPDATE: Trophy information section contains "Evolves into" so I need to be smarter about
            finding the evolution section.
    TODO:   I guess it has to be in the parser now, which is a bummer. It's one of the first <p>
            that ever happens, so that's cool.
    UPDATE: using just <p>, I get an empty one starting with "It" which is the right one;
            but it doesn't get the rest of the content outside the <a> for some odd reason.
    UPDATE: I wasn't restoring current_tag to '' when an end tag was encountered. Added
            a conditional to do this in case I was relying on it.
    UPDATE: ah, I need to basically parse this puppy out so ALL the stuff inside the paragraph
            gets mashed together into a single string.
    TODO:   after getting the Types but before looking for game locations, this is when I need
            to be saving the text of all paragraphs. Should end when we see div id="toc" for table of contents.
    UPDATE: done with first attempt
    UPDATE: works!
    TODO:   re-run and see if anyone doesn't show up that we expect.



    TODO:   Samurott also showed up as available
    UPDATE: indeed he is! Island scan.


    TODO:   Simisage and friends didn't show up as being checked at all
    UPDATE: there's nothing obvious about Simisage.
    TODO:   try it again now that I changed some stuff
    UPDATE: works now! He's not available anyway.


3   TODO:   would also be nice to have Alolan forms and maybe alternate forms
            like Oricorio count as separate Pokemon. However, form changes
            like Aegislash need to not count twice because they happen automatically


